README.md, before:

DragFx
======

Driving game that I'm making as part of my first attempt at learning JavaFx

To-do list
==========

- ~~Create a GUI for the entry point of the game.~~
	- Make GUI nicer (add css and allow you to choose single player and multiplayer games)
- ~~Two player game on same computer~~ (Two players on same screen but isn't ready for playing yet)
	- Drag mode where players play until one car is left off the screen.
	- ~~Classic mode where players race to a finish line (will need a split screen)~~
- Collisions between cars
- ~~Ability to choose wasd or directional arrows to play with.~~
- ~~Progress bar for how far you've progressed along the track~~
- ~~Finish line~~
- ~~Timer~~ 
	- ~~Ability to record a time when completing a given race.~~
- More sprites for going on the track?
	- e.g. oil slick?
- ~~Ability to choose longer or shorter race tracks with differing amounts of sprites on top~~
- Improve look and feel of game in general
	- Make car look better
	- Make different looking race tracks
	- Improve the appearance of stationary sprites
	- ~~Improve the winner text~~
- ~~Allow users to pick different colour cars~~
	- ~~Create different car skins~~
	- ~~Add something to entry screen to allow you to pick~~
	- More car colours?
- ~~Leaderboard~~
- Sound effects for collisions engines etc.
- Pickups that provide bonuses to the player (faster car, timer slowdown in single player etc.)


(Much Later)
- server & client
	- lobby with chat room
	- ability to play against other people with connections to the same server.

Commit message:

Power ups
Added a boost and slow down power up which alter the speed of the car.

README.md, after:

DragFx
======

Driving game that I'm making as part of my first attempt at learning JavaFx

To-do list
==========

- ~~Create a GUI for the entry point of the game.~~
	- Make GUI nicer (add css and allow you to choose single player and multiplayer games)
- ~~Two player game on same computer~~ (Two players on same screen but isn't ready for playing yet)
	- Drag mode where players play until one car is left off the screen.
	- ~~Classic mode where players race to a finish line (will need a split screen)~~
- Collisions between cars
- ~~Ability to choose wasd or directional arrows to play with.~~
- ~~Progress bar for how far you've progressed along the track~~
- ~~Finish line~~
- ~~Timer~~ 
	- ~~Ability to record a time when completing a given race.~~
- More sprites for going on the track?
	- e.g. oil slick?
- ~~Ability to choose longer or shorter race tracks with differing amounts of sprites on top~~
- Improve look and feel of game in general
	- Make car look better
	- Make different looking race tracks
	- Improve the appearance of stationary sprites
	- ~~Improve the winner text~~
- ~~Allow users to pick different colour cars~~
	- ~~Create different car skins~~
	- ~~Add something to entry screen to allow you to pick~~
	- More car colours?
- ~~Leaderboard~~
- Sound effects for collisions engines etc.
- ~~Pickups that provide bonuses to the player (faster car, timer slowdown in single player etc.)~~ (Added some but wiill probably want more as time goes on)


(Much Later)
- server & client
	- lobby with chat room
	- ability to play against other people with connections to the same server.
